There was "some" snow on the ground, not a whole lot. As we got directly across from the driveway of the house - we could see the trees out back. Behind the trees was a large pond, something caught my eye in the side window of the house. It was a large woman in a apron, leaning on the table there and smiling at us. I told the boys we should go and ask her if it was alright to cut through her yard to go behind and into the orchard.

I was on my way home. It was close to midnight. I was driving up this hill when I spotted this man in a long trench coat. He had on a hat and was looking down. He was slowly walking out to the middle of the road. I could see the headlights from another car coming from the opposite direction. It was just getting ready to top the hill and I knew that they would not have time to stop and would hit the man. 


My grandfather built (and held several patents) band saws that were used thought out the west coast and Canada in big Saw mills. I believe there are still some of them around. He had a very large machine shop, with office attached, that he made the saws in so he needed a very large driveway for trucks to be able to come and go in, the drive lead up to the house, and was all gravel, so when someone drove in to the driveway there would be no way that you could miss the crunch of the gravel from the tires going over it when it got to the house and at night with the light of 2 big street lights flooding it with light it was very unlikely anyone would be able to get to the house without being seen.

As I first entered Highway 96 in Georgia doing about 55 miles per hour I noticed a glare on the left side of the road about half a mile up. As I got closer to the glare it appeared more misty then finally clear. The object was in the form of a woman mid-aged but it had no legs. It appeared to have full body but stopped at the legs. The object did not appear to notice me pass by. Again, I was doing about 55 miles per hour so it was a quick glipse but I know I saw it. I even looked in my rear view mirror to confirm the object, and yes, it was the real deal. 

Since the visit in the office was very short, we had extra time to kill before heading back home (a couple of hours away). We decided to do something fun, so using his cool GPS system in his rental car, we looked up attractions in the area and saw the Long Beach Aquarium and agreed to go there.

This story concerns the day light tour I took of the facility while I was a corrections officer with the state of West Virginia. Once we had received our initial briefing about the facility, we were allowed to tour it on our own and pretty much go where ever we wanted, even places the public isn't allowed. While touring the facility, I was in a section of the prison known as the sugar shack, supposedly where some of the worst offenders were housed. I was the only person in this section of the prison at the time and while I was up on the third tier, inspecting some of the old cells, when down below me the cell doors slammed shut.


We stayed in the Charles Lemp suite. Charles was the last of the Lemp family to take his own life in the Mansion. Stories have circulated that he went downstairs and shot his dog then returned to his bedroom to shoot himself.William Lemp, Jr This is not true. He shot himself in the morning, on his bed. He was the only member of the Lemp family to leave a note, and the fourth to commit suicide. Three in the Mansion and a sister in her home in another St. Louis neighborhood. Charles stated that when found, 'blame no one but me'.Lillian Lemp He left word that his last remaining brother, Edwin, was to have his body taken immediately, without any further preparation, and have it cremated, and to bury the ashes on his farm in St. Louis County. The burial spot of Charles Lemps' ashes will never be known. After the death of Edwin, all Lemp papers were burned along with valuable artwork and other items as requested by Edwin of his groundskeeper.

I felt like two ice cold fingers tapping me on the arm and what felt like nudging on my backpack. Strong, yet polite and assertive nudging on my backpack, almost to the point of moving me. It would be like someone was a little annoyed with me that I was in the way, and wanted me to move. I looked back and saw nothing. I remember rubbing my arm where the tapping was to warm the area up and then I stood back in the same position again. Well, it happened again to me, not quite in the same place, but even stronger. Immediately, I thought that this had to be something of a spirit or so. I moved to another spot.